docs: What is a good error message (#5545)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-ValidationLayers: CONTRIBUTING.md

that to be accepted into the repository, the pull request must [pass all tests](#testing your changes) on all supported platforms
-- the continuous integration features will assist in enforcing this requirement.

### **Writing good error messages**

When writing an error message for `LogError` it is important to

1. Print values related to the error message
2. Explain the logic that got to that error

Example of a good error message

```cpp
if (render_pass == VK_NULL_HANDLE) {
    // ...

> } else if (value != 0 && HasDepthFlag(flag)) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
} else if (value == 0 && HasDepthFlag(flag)) {
```

    // print Render Pass object

>     // Value is given value, no need to bring
>     // list flag users used
>     skip |= LogError(render_pass, "value is 0 but flag (%s) is missing VK_FLAG_DEPTH.", string_VkFlag(flag));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Value is not the expected one, log it
    // List flag users used
    skip |= LogError(render_pass, "value is %" PRIu32 " but flag (%s) is missing VK_FLAG_DEPTH.", value, string_VkFlag(flag));
```
To have an example of using PRIu32, I personally did not know about that before working on the VVL
